README.md, before:

# Generative radio

A browser module that generates music by playing sounds hosted on [Freesound](http://freesound.org/).

## Installation

`npm i dimitriaatos/generative-radio`

(You'll have to have [node](https://nodejs.org/) and [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed)

## Try

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dimitriaatos/generative-radio.git
cd generative-radio
npm i
npm test
```

## Use

You'll need a Freesound API token, you can get one from <https://freesound.org/apiv2/apply/>

`index.js`

```javascript
import GenerativeRadio from 'generative-radio'
import pieces from './pieces'

const gen = new GenerativeRadio(pieces)

gen.token = 'paste your token here'

// gen.play() should be called after a user gesture (e.g. a click).
document.addEventListener('click', () => { gen.play() })
```

`pieces.js`

```javascript
export [
    {
        elements:[
            {
                search: { text: 'rain' },//play a raining sounds
                structure: { metro: 2 } // every 2 seconds
            },
            {
                search: {
                    text: 'scream',
                    options: {
                        results: 50,
                        filter: { duration: [0, 60] }, // [min, max] (seconds)
                        sort: 'rating_desc' // get the first 50 best rated sounds
                    }
                },
                structure: { metro: 10 } // every 10 seconds
            },
        ],
        duration: 10
    },
    {
        elements:[
            {
                search: { text: 'dog' },
                structure: { metro: 1 }
            },
            {
                search: { text: 'train' },
                structure: { metro: 2 }
            },
        ],
        duration: 60
    },
]
```

Commit message:

.env
feat: npm test grabs the Freesound API token from a .env file
feat: npm test logs the test server link to the terminal
docs: using .env for the test

README.md, after:

# Generative radio

A browser module that generates music by playing sounds hosted on [Freesound](http://freesound.org/).

## Installation

`npm i dimitriaatos/generative-radio`

(You'll have to have [node](https://nodejs.org/) and [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed)

## Try

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dimitriaatos/generative-radio.git
cd generative-radio
npm i
echo "TOKEN=[API token]" > .env
npm test
```

Replace `[API token]` with a Freesound API token, you can get one on <https://freesound.org/apiv2/apply/>.

## Use

`index.js`

```javascript
import GenerativeRadio from 'generative-radio'
import pieces from './pieces'

const gen = new GenerativeRadio(pieces)

gen.token = '[API token]'

// gen.play() should be called after a user gesture (e.g. a click).
document.addEventListener('click', () => { gen.play() })
```

`pieces.js`

```javascript
export [
    {
        elements:[
            {
                search: { text: 'rain' },//play a raining sounds
                structure: { metro: 2 } // every 2 seconds
            },
            {
                search: {
                    text: 'scream',
                    options: {
                        results: 50,
                        filter: { duration: [0, 60] }, // [min, max] (seconds)
                        sort: 'rating_desc' // get the first 50 best rated sounds
                    }
                },
                structure: { metro: 10 } // every 10 seconds
            },
        ],
        duration: 10
    },
    {
        elements:[
            {
                search: { text: 'dog' },
                structure: { metro: 1 }
            },
            {
                search: { text: 'train' },
                structure: { metro: 2 }
            },
        ],
        duration: 60
    },
]
```
